TODO things here.



still some pipes in output that don't take the $o_SEP


meta algo picker for a player's best system !
generate output and make a table for each player.
show the systems ranked in order of where they are.



finish writing this for a quick link to paste to players.
docs/gpf-players-explanation


---------------

Update the missing bits in algorithms_descriptions.


Allow sorting of the rounds table to be by multiple different scoring systems.
i.e. it could sort on the  exact-n-power-one-hundred score
and could also sort on a diff-n-power-one-hundred score.
This would get the Leo Winners Takes All exactly the same 99% of the time.
There are edge cases where counting "Did they have a pred in the Top 6" will not be the same.


finish the Totals Table "P" column switch off.
Also fix the P counting in the Totals table.
Currently joint scores , don't get the same P rating.

Move the P column :
    Player 
    Score
    P
    Details stuff.

Add a new power-of-ten score-multiplier. 
    Use this on the exact-and- Big Multiplier , instead of Power-100.



wcc and wdc probably need testing again. Might have bugs.
(lot of code change since last testing. Plus main script has been tweaked to really run on just 6 predictions from players)


Script is heavily tweaked for P1 -> P6 predictions only.
Some of the multipliers break badly if more predictions are done.
Script needs to die if one of these multipliers is selected, and there are more than P1 -> P6 predictions.



make the score-times-power-hundred NOT use the lookup hash.
do it with ** to-the-power-of operator.
The number of predictions will need to be limited because if there is ever a case where all 20 positions
are predicted the numbers would be so huge they'd almost certainly break perl integer number size limits.


substitute drivers ? Should they be ignored, ?
If someone picks a driver who then goes off sick (probably with covid) should the players
prediction of say VET at Bahrain just be substituted for HUL ?


Average Score table only calculated on players that have entered at least 50% of the rounds.
probably from 1/2 way through season.


sums to work out what results someone will need to win the championship
when it's getting close to complete.
As requested by Bill.


Output the individual races and totals tables in :
1) CSV
2) JSON
put this is a separate directory, otherwise there will be an explosion of files in one place (with all the different algorithms)


---------------

git hub pages in html.

Techie Stuff description of the WTA algorithm.

2022 season
    WTA alg
        Races Only (Bills Races only championship )
        Quali Only
        All

    Leo area ...






